UFO over Edinburgh Castle edinboro s
famous military tattoo is often build us
out of this world but a mysterious
sighting has given that phrase a whole
new meaning for eschewing for the
spectacle spotted an unusual sight in
the skies above the castle and it visit
to a jet fly pass or an exotic bird the
oddly shaped light in the sky was
captured by Kathryn Stewart in her
mother Susan who are in the queue for
Saturday s late night a zoo just before
10.30 p.m. missed word who lives in
London but is originally from South
Africa said she had no explanation for
the strange apparition which disappeared
soon after they photographed it the 31
year old said she thought the weird
object was a bird at first she added it
was very strange to see because when we
looked at it again it didn't she look
like a bird it was hovering around and
then it disappeared it was a weird shape
like a square light I have no idea what
it was but rather than off-the-wall
theories about alien activity there may
be a perfectly logical explanation which
still involves space it is likely that
the sighting could actually be the
International Space Station which has
been spotted by several people in the
city over recent days there have also
been reported sightings of the 85 cargo
space ship NASA s spot the station
website which gives detailed information
about the optimum times to spot the ice
over the capital s skies said that
residents have a chance of getting a
glimpse for up to five minutes at a time
until
thank you for watching please subscribe
to us on YouTube Facebook and Twitter
you can visit us on www.ravistailor.com